Question 1: What is your understanding of Blockchain?
Answer: 
	Blockchain is collection of various blocks which contains store data.
Same data is store on multiple system which formed distributed data base and also it has his own
identity (encrypted).Blockchain is decentralized technique which does not include any third party.

Question 2:  What is the core problem Blockchain trying to solve?
Answer:
	1. Identity Theft
	2. Managing And Protecting Patient Data in Health Care Organizations
	3. Digital Copyright And Piracy
	4. Government Systems And Public Sectors
	5. Digital Copyright And Piracy
	6. Managing And Protecting Patient Data in Health Care Organizations
In short Blockchain is used for each and every sector were authenticity and decentralization is important.

Question 3:  What are the few features which Blockchain will give you?
Answer:
	1. Cannot be Corrupted
	2. Decentralized Technology
	3. Enhanced Security
	4. Distributed Ledgers
	5. Faster Settlement
	6. Automation Capability
	7. Tamperproof

Question 4:  What all things does a Block contain?
Answer:
	A block represents the ‘present’ and contains information about its past and future. 
Each time a block is completed it becomes part of the past and gives way to a new block in the 
blockchain. The completed block is a permanent record of transactions in the past and the new 
transactions are recorded in the current one.Basically it consist of :
	1. Block number
	2. Data store in that block
	3. Previous key
	4. And current key
	5. Mining

Question 5:  How is the verifiability of Blockchain has been attained?
Answer:
	For example a document is created and store on multiple system.
Now every block is store with same data in document.So each of system will have unique key for 
block containing same data. In case of data is tried to change or some data is missing with any of system block
then it can be verified with the help of unique key provided to every system. In this way verifiabilty in blockchain 
is attained. And hence it makes it unhackable thing.
	
